If you are looking at this, you are getting success. Why I'm saying this first question is who is this guy actually? Well, I'm angel and I'm here to be with you in my new journey and let you see how someone that I currently are not big. We cannot say that I'm not successful yet. You will see how someone like you can get for a very very, very different place from what you think in one time. That will be your limit. Limits actually don't exist at all. And what I'm trying to say with this, it's pretty easy to understand. If you focus on get the correct people decorate persons that will follow you and will share with you his or her progress, you will get a way further from the place that you start. This is not only for a specific goal and actually recording this video fan of the programming like for four days of almost not sleep a general structure for creating the best content with the last amount of effort. And. And I'm not actually doing this for be lazy. I just have this new mind of if I'm trying to become something more efficient, I will build that thing for be more efficient for do more for do more works. That is my new mindset. Actually I hear something very important that there is optimizers and there is maximizers. I changed my mind at the start. I was a simple optimizer. And it's not only nothing bad with that, but if you don't actually do the work that you actually know that you can do, someone will do it for you. That's pretty important. It's not a general introduction. I'm just trying to show myself my goals and actually that right now, today and the person and adopting the identity of someone that will get the life that I want. And I want to share it with you. I want to share my transformation with you. To the thirst to the day zero to the well actually don't know. I believe that the journey never ends because the purpose is follow the journey, not the end of the journey. It sounds very cliche, but actually you keeping thinking it way deeper and deeper and deeper. It's actually true. If you can't do all your goals, you actually lost the reason for what you wake up every morning for what you. For the reason for what you work so goddamn hard. And I actually don't want that. It's precarious. When I was building this couple of Python scripts, actually for someone who don't know nothing, the programming world is just like great code for automating my life. I don't have Actually a lot of resources. But that is my stronger advantage and why I'm saying this. If you have limited resources, you enforce to get power to get, let's say resources for an unlimited and the most powerful weapon in all the world. You are forced to use your mind. And your mind, if you try harden out, you can ensure that you don't have limits. Buddy, I'm not saying right now in which country I live. I believe for my face, my factions and it's not for be racist, but my color of skin, my color of skin. Actually I'm from Latin America and most people here can say that it's. If you think that things are tough to get, actually if you think that you are limited, actually you can know that there is always someone that is more limited than you and will actually get the goals that you get that you actually want. But it showed something for us pretty interesting. And it actually your goal, it actually your success only depends and only rely on you on the work that you put every day. But you need a purpose for that. And I'm pretty sure that this purpose can come from God, can confirm your faith. I was someone that actually don't believe in God at all for a very long time. But that is not relevant for in the video. But you can call your purpose God, family or your own, your own value, your own. There aren't thoughts that you think. There are things that you actually have in your mind that could be your purpose itself. But you need a purpose. And once you set treat it very well, your purpose, your core, the court of your life, you will ensure that you actually can work way harder than you think. That you can work and get away further than one that you think that you got. So this video is for show that. This video is for show that right now. And the person that will get success. My work at the start of this week, at the start of this video is show you how far you can get how far you can go with things that you actually don't think that you. That you have that you can't reach. If you think oh man, I actually can't get a job. Create your job. Oh man, I actually I can and I can work out. I don't have any equipment to create your own way to work to work out. And that is cause everything in your life. And I'm not saying this for showing that I'm superior than you and I want to become the reflect that no matter how you are, no matter how you start, you can get for the place that you want in your life. I'm pretty pretty grateful. If you are looking this video I will if someone are interested in chat way more closer than me. I don't actually have a very very structured business right here but actually just you can write me if you are interested of now I produce this content at all and you can have a more human contact with me. That's all. See the core of this channel is show you that a human not a special talented person human or whatever you want. I'm just trying to show that as a human being, a normal guy you can get maybe not exactly in the place that you want but you will get way more closer to that place that you think in first play. Thank you everybody for seeing this video. God bless everyone that are looking this. Let's get success together. Welcome to my journey and let's see very soon in very very interesting more videos. Goodbye.